README.md, before:

# ![logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/azerothcore/azerothcore.github.io/master/images/logo-github.png) AzerothCore
#
- Latest build status with azerothcore: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/azerothcore/mod-1v1-arena.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/azerothcore/mod-1v1-arena)
# mod-1v1-Arena
### This is a module for [AzerothCore](http://www.azerothcore.org)

#### Features:
-1v1 Rated Arena Games

-1v1 Unrated Arena Games


### This module currently requires:
- AzerothCore v1.0.1+

### How to install
1. Simply place the module under the `modules` folder of your AzerothCore source folder.
2. Re-run cmake and launch a clean build of AzerothCore
3. Run the Sql file into your database.
4. Ready.

### Usage
- Enable the module and join 1 v 1 with 2 characters at the BattleMaster Npc.

### Info
This module runs over the 5v5.You can configure it to run over 4v4/3v3..etc As you desire.


## Credits
* [XDev](https://github.com/XdevTLKWoW): 
* Adjusted by fr4z3n for azerothcore
* Written by Teiby



AzerothCore: [repository](https://github.com/azerothcore) - [website](http://azerothcore.org) - [discord chat community](https://discord.gg/PaqQRkd)

Commit message:

feat(patch): Arena Crystals fix

README.md, after:

# ![logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/azerothcore/azerothcore.github.io/master/images/logo-github.png) AzerothCore
#
- Latest build status with azerothcore: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/azerothcore/mod-1v1-arena.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/azerothcore/mod-1v1-arena)
# mod-1v1-Arena
### This is a module for [AzerothCore](http://www.azerothcore.org)

#### Features:
-1v1 Rated Arena Games

-1v1 Unrated Arena Games


### This module currently requires:
- AzerothCore v1.0.1+

### How to install
1. Simply place the module under the `modules` folder of your AzerothCore source folder.
2. (Optional) You can apply the ``arena-crystals-fix.patch`` to your core using ``git apply arena-crystals-fix.patch``, this patch also apply a fast start to arena crystals, until the original piece of code applys a delay of 15s, we changed to 5s for make arenas startup faster. :) (This patch its also avaliable on [Pastebin](https://pastebin.com/raw/Jw8XexQy)).
3. Re-run cmake and launch a clean build of AzerothCore
4. Run the Sql file into your database.
5. Ready.

### Usage
- Enable the module and join 1 v 1 with 2 characters at the BattleMaster Npc.

### Info
This module runs over the 5v5.You can configure it to run over 4v4/3v3..etc As you desire.


## Credits
* [XDev](https://github.com/XdevTLKWoW): 
* Adjusted by fr4z3n for azerothcore
* Written by Teiby



AzerothCore: [repository](https://github.com/azerothcore) - [website](http://azerothcore.org) - [discord chat community](https://discord.gg/PaqQRkd)
